Kojak - "Koji in a box"
=======================

Kojak is fully integrated DevOps pipeline that uses Openshift Origin and Fabric8 to deploy applications in the cloud.

Kojak started off as a collection of scripts which were used to autom8 the installation and configuration of the Koji build system. It was part of a productization effort to encourage the adoption of Koji for use in development, testing and staging environments.  The scripts included in this repository can be used to create a complete DevOps circuit with Source Control Manager, Continious Integration, Artifact Repository Manager and Testing Suite.
 
Tool Chain
----------

Kojak ships with an, industry reconised, opensource toolchain designed to allow developers to build, test, deploy, promote, release and replicate product builds in a consistent and predictable way.  The long term goal is to provide a DevOps platform to allow users to familiarize themselves with the DevOps aproach and tools.   

Installation Prerequisites
---------------------------

Kojak is a virtual appliance and it not recommended that you install directly on your workstation.  The Installation options will build a virtual machine for you which will be accessible from your local host.  If you already have a virtual machine you can install Kojak directly on that machine and skip the virtual machine provisioning stage.  Kojak has been successfully installed and tested on CentOS 7+ and RHEL 7+.

For more information about virtualization see below:

CentOS http://wiki.centos.org/HowTos#head-fb1ff7e71fb5f2f511cda8c68cb6ba5f6e8decae 

Fedora http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Virtualization?rd=Tools/Virtualization

It is recommended that the system be updated before beginning the installation.  A fast internet connection is also required in order to facilitate the downloading of any package dependancies.

Minimum System Requirements
--------------------------- 

The virtual machine is configured with the following default specifications:

1. 4GB RAM
2. 48GB Disk Space

Your local host should be configured with the following minimum specifications:

1. Centos/RHEL 7+ or Fedora 18+ with virtualization package group
2. 8GB RAM
3. 128 GB Disk Space 

Installation Instructions
------------------------

Checkout the contents of the Kojak git repository to a suitable directory on your host and execute the kojak executable.
```
[root@localhost]# yum -y install git
[root@localhost]# mkdir workspace
[root@localhost]# cd workspace 
[root@localhost]# git clone https://github.com/kojak/autom8.git
[root@localhost]# cd autom8
[root@localhost]# ./kojak
```
Or as a one liner.
```
yum -y install git && mkdir workspace && cd workspace && git clone https://github.com/kojak/autom8 && cd autom8 && ./kojak
```

At this stage the system is fully installed and configured.  

You will need to resolve hostnames via the dns server on the virtual machine.  Your resolv.conf file should be similar to the example below:
```
# Generated by NetworkManager
domain example.com
search example.com
nameserver 192.168.122.101
```

You can now browsing to the Fabric8 web console via http://fabric8.example.com with the following credentials:
1. username: admin
2. password: admin


Configuration Notes
-------------------
The Kojak virtual machine is configured with a set of default options.  

1. OS: CentOS 7
2. Hostname: kojak.example.com
3. IP Adress: 192.168.122.101
4. Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.0

You can access the virtual machine via ssh at 192.168.122.101 using the following credentials:

1. username: root
2. password: root

Known Issues and How to Report Them
-----------------------------------

Please follow this template while reporting an issue:

Component: Host, Guest (OS version), Koji, Apache HTTP etc.

Description: description of the situation 

Steps to reproduce: clear description of how to reproduce the issue, as ordered list

Expected result: the result that was expected

Actual result: the actual result including error messages, exceptions etc.

See http://github.com/sbadakhc/kojak/issues?state=open

Discussion
----------

Join our community at https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/103028582394768375364

